AUGUSTO PINOCHET UGARTE
MY PATH - MEMOIRS OF A MILITARY MAN
I don't recall this. It's not true.
And even if it were,
I have no memory of it.
-You're caught!
-What are you doing?
-You will die.
Drop it!
Be careful!
Long live freedom!
Farewell…
Claude Pinoche.
MARIE ANTOINETTE OF AUSTRIA
QUEEN OF FRANCE AND NAVARRE
I, Second Lieutenant
Augusto Pinochet Ugarte, swear…
…fulfill my duties,
in accordance with laws and regulations.
To promptly obey orders…
…in order to be a brave
and honorable soldier…
Papi, what's wrong?
-Grab hold of him.
-Mom!
Hold him up!
What's wrong, Dad?
I can't do it on my own.
Someone give me a hand.
-Don't worry. He's fine.
-He's not fine.
Dad!
What's happening?
-Dad!
-Take his pulse.
-Stop it, Dad.
-I don't know how to take someone's pulse.
Thank you, my general.
Murderer.
Heil!
NEW MARKETS
NON-GLOBAL CHILE
Madam.
Let me see.
What did he eat yesterday?
Same as today.
Only vegetables, as usual.
I don't get it.
He says he wishes to die,
he stops drinking blood,
and now he goes off to hunt?
It is odd.
I don't want Augusto to die.
I'm at your service, madam.
Salute me, then.
Prepare yourself. My kids are coming.
To steal from my general.
To steal from me.
Allow me.
ARK
You'd think Dad would slow down
in his old age, but apparently not.
We don't know
who's hunting for those hearts.
-We don't?
-No. Not at all.
What do you know?
The same as you.
Hey. No one here is judging you.
I'm not judging you either.
We're too old to be so naive.
We're clearly all here for a reason.
I came because I heard
they'd give us money.
I just said that to get you here, stupid.
-So they're not giving us anything?
-Please.
Of course they'll give us money. Relax.
They're not going to. Not one peso.
We have to find it ourselves.
That money's hidden
in papers, documents, and folders.
People are freaked out over these murders.
Well, who wouldn't be?
Entire human hearts are being removed.
It's bizarre.
I hope they find him soon.
-Who?
-The killer.
-They should've found him by now.
-Who?
The police.
I just don't want them coming here.
That's all I ask.
We shouldn't have to wait our whole lives
to get our inheritance.
It's not that long.
But some people do live longer
than they should.
-You think so?
-I do.
EXTRA CONCENTRATED
CHILI PEPPER
Afternoon.
Good afternoon, my general!
Holy Mary, Mother of God,
pray for us sinners
now and at the hour of our death. Amen.
Hail Mary, full of grace.
The Lord is with thee.
Blessed art thou among women,
and blessed is the fruit
of thy womb, Jesus.
To what do I owe this delightful visit?
We were worried, Dad.
Sure you were.
I've been on the verge of death before.
We've said our goodbyes many times.
Dad, someone has been feasting
on hearts in Santiago.
Someone?
It could've been me…
but that wouldn't make much sense.
Why would I want to keep on living
in a country where people hate me?
They don't hate you.
No.
-Well, they should.
-They're so ungrateful.
That is true. They are ungrateful.
It's a real pain in the ass.
Though I'll admit,
I've made some mistakes.
Mistakes with accounting.
Oh, really?
Well, you know.
-Know what, Dad?
-No. Actually, we don't know anything.
It's a real mess.
Every day, your mom asks me
about secret bank accounts
and real estate properties
around the world.
I can't remember. None of it.
What can I do? I haven't a clue.
And yet, the other day,
thinking it over, something came to me.
What?
I've got some old books in the basement.
There, with the help of a lawyer
and a former minister,
we hid some papers.
I don't know.
Accounts, receipts, contracts.
Who knows?
But they might be worth something.
Dad?
Why now, Dad?
Well, I'd forgotten. But now I remember.
I asked you a thousand times before.
Well, I had forgotten until now,
which is why I am telling you.
Why the long faces?
You should be happy.
If those papers are worth anything,
make sure you share them among yourselves.
Give half to your mom,
and split the rest between you.
And with that, I'll be off. I'm tired.
I believe I will die tonight.
Best of luck to all of you.
I love you very much.
With all my heart. Truly.
Permission to speak freely, my general.
Go ahead.
I love you, my general.
Say something.
I love you, Dad.
-I love you.
-I love you, Papi.
Lucía?
Don't make me say those things
in front of the children.
I'm into you.
You turn me on.
You drive me wild… you old minx.
Will you show me the cannons
before you die?
Make me sweat like you used to?
I'll ride you like a bandit's horse.
Was it you who went out hunting?
No, madam.
I don't need to.
The papers.
Madam?
The money.
Excuse me.
Why can't I seem to die?
-Because you don't want to.
-Of course I do.
I've been alive for 250 years.
But we could live 250 more.
I don't want to live another 250 years.
Good heavens.
Why not?
They said I was a thief.
You can call a soldier a killer,
or whatever else, but not a thief.
I killed hundreds of Reds.
Hundreds of them.
But, for the rest of my life,
they'll say I'm a thief.
They humiliated me. They…
They did.
But you did steal, didn't you?
How about this? You… bite me.
And we'll go out hunting at night.
Just for blood.
Then we'll go
to the basement,
where you keep the hearts.
We'll eat them.
And we'll be young again.
Then we'll go to another country,
with new names.
As fifteen-year-olds.
With another army.
But I just don't understand
why I can't manage to die.
You're putting blood in my food.
You're putting blood
in my food to keep me alive.
-Aren't you?
-No.
"President Allende,
the army won't betray you!"
What?
That's what I said to him.
And then what…?
I betrayed him the very next day.
It was my idea.
Yes, but no one knows that.
It was an old vendetta of mine.
I was on a mission. A mission to crush.
To crush the anarchists.
To crush the trade unionists,
the Republicans, and the freed slaves.
But then you fell in love with me.
We've been together for 60 years.
What more do you want?
You've had it all. Kids, grandkids…
You've been the queen of this desert.
What is there to complain about?
We have brandy every night.
We talk. We sleep holding hands.
What else do you want?
To become a monster like you.
No. There has to be more than this.
Papers in English.
Bank letters, bonds,
cashier's checks, bearer documents…
Things like that.
What about this?
Let me see.
Stuff like this.
Is your friend coming?
-She's not my friend.
-Who's coming?
-Did you tell that accountant of yours?
-I did.
He can't come. He's sending his assistant.
Now?
-It's what we agreed.
-I didn't.
-Can we trust her?
-Sure. She's from a military family.
-But she's a woman.
-Yes.
Excuse me.
Is she young?
-Yeah.
-Who cares?
As long as she understands this
and doesn't talk to the press, she'll do.
Do we have to pay her?
Of course. And handsomely,
so she won't become a liability.
Is this all there is?
I'll need to check with my general.
But I would say no.
We're rich, then.
We certainly are.
-Merci.
-May I?
Thank you.
Good morning.
Hello. Finally.
Dad!
What?
This is the accountant
who's going to help us.
What's her name?
Carmen.
Carmencita.
I'm here to count your silver coins
and weigh your gold.
Discreetly, of course.
That would be wonderful.
But I'm afraid I don't have much left.
I'm poor.
In that case, I'll find money
you didn't even know you had.
-Is that French?
-Well, yeah.
Please forgive my…
Do you understand my childlike French?
It seems I'm forgetting
the language of my Sun King.
This language of treason and war
can never be forgotten.
Perhaps.
The New Testament says that God
only understands the French language.
And if I remember correctly,
it says that God listens with love
to those who whisper in His ear in French.
God is in love with the beauty
that He himself has envisioned.
He's a vain artist.
An artist who created women…
to be perfect.
Beautifully said.
Yes.
Very beautiful, indeed.
-Thank you.
-But of course.
Make yourself at home.
Excuse me.
It must be a case of possession.
Like permanently carrying
-the enemy of our Lord.
-Right, but…
You think the devil got inside his body?
-Yes. He did.
-How?
Sometimes he finds a way in
through a wound.
This happens to soldiers
on the battlefield.
Other times, he finds his way
through the anus,
when a man performs acts of sodomy.
Watch your mouth.
My father was always a patriotic soldier.
Of course. It must have happened
through a combat wound.
-Right.
-Of course.
Hey.
What if he was born this way?
Maybe he's one of those animals…
An animal from hell?
Sure. Like a man without a soul. A dog.
Beasts do live among us.
Creatures of the devil with no soul.
Nothing but black smoke
inside their chests.
They can't be saved.
All you can do is kill them.
I don't want my father to suffer.
Honestly, it'll be a fierce battle.
Satan may be pathetic
and melodramatic, but he is tireless.
If I run out of strength, he may kill me.
I couldn't care less.
-Oh.
-I'm kidding.
-Honey?
-Yes?
Treat my father with care.
Violence is the way of the devil.
God's love will suffocate him.
The holy water will burn him.
Once the invader retreats,
your father will be at death's door.
He will be bedridden.
If he survives,
it will mean he's always had a soul.
Even if there's only
a bit of good soul in there,
that soul belongs to the Holy Spirit.
And I will save it.
This document mentions 12 apartments.
Investments like these
that generate income without work
are common in families unwilling to work.
There should be 14.
Fourteen.
-There are no records of that here.
-What?
How can properties go missing?
Come on. No big deal.
12, 14. It's all the same.
No, we have to clear this up.
We're talking about my money here.
-Your money?
-Yeah, my money.
Quiet. Let her work in peace.
Am I bothering you?
No. Nothing bothers me.
I love seeing
this kind of jealousy and violence.
Irrational behavior like this
will lead you to betray one another.
My strategy is to sow confusion.
Because accusations and betrayal
are bound to follow.
So I'm not bothering you?
-Uh-uh.
-You're bothering me. I'm trying to work.
What's this CEMA Chile?
Center for Chilean Mothers.
It's right there.
ESTATE SUMMARY
You diverted money
from the Army's Command Headquarters,
which came from the sale of weapons
and gear, to CEMA Chile, correct?
Mom?
There are no accounting documents.
It says here the president of CEMA
was the First Lady. That means you.
Reserve funds were also transferred
from embassy attaché offices,
from the Military Chiefs to CEMA Chile.
Just as well all this information
has come to light, huh?
I don't get it.
Are we discussing
your inheritance here, Mom?
-I'm not dead yet, dear.
-No, but goddammit.
It's just layer after layer of lies, Mom.
Well, those lies
are about to make you a millionaire.
If he's going to die, we gotta fix this.
I don't know what you're fighting over.
I'll transfer everything we find
to you immediately.
-Like the winter home.
-What winter home?
-In La Parva?
-No, Aspen.
United States?
No way. Dad gave me that house
because none of you ever cared for skiing.
-I'd like to learn.
-Dad, weren't we splitting things evenly?
He gave this to me,
and no one else but me.
I can't stand injustice.
I was looking over your case.
After reviewing that filthy slander…
It says you ordered the disappearance
and murder of thousands of Chileans.
-Me?
-Yes.
There is also evidence against you
regarding secret documents.
Ill-gotten money.
Because of this, I believe
that you have assets hidden from the law.
Yes. That's why I had to die.
They wanted to meddle in everything.
Sure. But you didn't die
when they say you did.
Even now, I can see you're breathing
as healthy as an ox in spring.
-Oh, yeah?
-Yes.
How about that.
Could you tell me
where we might find these secret accounts?
Certainly. I had to withdraw the money
because my kids don't know how to work.
-I don't want them to starve to death.
-Of course.
-But don't take me for a thief.
-Not at all.
Thieves steal what isn't theirs,
while you use your power to get rich.
-Exactly.
-Which is the only way.
I was a taciturn general.
An intellectual.
Until someone convinced me
I had to stage a coup to overthrow
Allende's Marxist-Leninist regime.
After that,
I was surrounded by refined gentlemen
who smelled of cologne.
One very refined man came along
and offered me money.
I had no idea what to do.
He said, "Don't worry."
"I'll open a bank account
for you in the Caribbean."
So I said, "Fine."
Not long after, he asked for a favor.
He wanted to purchase
state-owned companies for peanuts.
That's when I realized
this man was blackmailing me.
After that, people came
from all over to talk to me.
They offered me the world.
Long story short, I became rich.
So rich that Lucía got a chandelier
to go over the bathtub.
I also became famous worldwide
for defeating Communism.
It's a shame you fell victim
to such despicable manipulation.
And that you unknowingly
became involved in influence peddling.
Inadvertently receiving payoffs
from soulless businessmen.
Yes, I really have been
a victim in all this.
Though that's hard to believe
since you are a captain general.
A hero who's supposed to be smarter
than those businessmen.
Of course.
Have you ever considered donating
your fortune to church-run charities?
If I did that, my children would kill me.
But isn't that what you want?
To be killed?
Well, yes, but now…
I've decided it would be nice
to start a new life.
Well, if you really want
to repeat that same horror again,
we better find that lost fortune
in these papers.
Fair point.
I ask personal questions
because they're necessary for my work.
But I'm also a curious person
and like to lay things bare with my voice.
That's great. Wonderful.
What are you planning
to destroy in your new life?
The International Court in The Hague.
And then… I'm not sure.
I haven't given it much thought.
I've only now decided to keep on living.
I hope I've inspired you with my presence.
You have.
Men of sin have told me that my body
has something that invites second chances.
-What's that?
-I'm not sure.
Maybe it's because I smell
of bird of paradise flowers.
It could also be a new hormone
that changes the aroma of my sweat.
Well, I don't…
I can't quite smell your scent.
Is Dad not coming down for lunch?
Are you coming in?
Of course I am.
Our Father, who art in heaven,
hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come.
Thy will be done
on earth as it is in heaven.
Give us this day our daily bread.
And forgive us our trespasses
as we forgive those
who trespass against us.
And lead us not into temptation,
but deliver us from evil. Amen.
Our Father, who art in heaven,
hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come…
Hail Mary…
Don't go hunting, my general.
Why not?
Don't make me waste my time.
I'm helping you die.
Make no mistake.
I'm not pleased with your services.
Killing Reds? Anyone can do that.
No, not just anyone.
I taught my soldiers to kill for pleasure.
And frying women's breasts
with electricity,
did you do that for pleasure too?
I did it with love, even.
Pleasure…
When I finally bit you,
you dropped your pants.
Why was that?
Don't go hunting, my general.
That woman, the accountant, is a nun.
She wants to cast the devil out of me.
But I…
I've got nothing inside.
Me neither.
We're two beasts of the night.
And the night is made
for thieves like you.
I liked killing.
You liked stealing.
No, I liked the killing too.
But I can't live like a peasant, Fyodor.
I need something to build on.
Something solid.
I need people to help me.
Servants like you.
I cannot bear to wash dirty sheets.
What dirty sheets?
The ones you and Lucía will soil.
But I've never touched her.
You haven't yet?
No.
Well, go ahead and touch her.
But go easy on those howls of pleasure.
They're way too feminine.
You may keep my wife.
She's my gift to you.
Do with her what you will.
But the money is mine.
May I take your picture?
You and your siblings were sent to jail
in 2007 for embezzlement--
We were political prisoners.
Of course.
But you were also accused of hitting--
How will you perform this exorcism?
With God's love.
And if you can't get the demon out?
-That's up to the Holy Spirit.
-Screw the Holy Spirit.
What's your plan
if you can't get the devil out of him?
I can kill him with a plastic bag.
-How's that?
-I'll put it over his head.
Suffocate him.
-Then I'll cut--
-And his genitals?
-That won't be necessary.
-Cut it all off.
Did you know about the secret papers,
cashier's checks, and bearer bonds?
-Is that a yes?
-Yes.
Why didn't you look for them earlier,
during all these years your father's been…
a walking corpse?
Like you said, we were under investigation
by those leftist judges.
It wasn't wise to come looking
for undeclared money.
Anyway, my mother figured out a way
to continue receiving donations.
And some of those donations
made their way to us.
After the attack
on the World Trade Center in 2001,
the US Senate forced
several financial institutions
to lift bank secrecy to investigate
how terrorism was being financed.
Damn gringos.
They just so happened
to look into your family
and your accounts under false names.
Then they put Osama bin Laden's photo
right next to your father's.
-How many accounts are we talking?
-In the US, 125, give or take.
Give or take?
The ones the judge found.
But he didn't dig deep enough.
He didn't see the ones in Germany,
the Bahamas, or Gibraltar, for example.
Your father went by several aliases,
including Daniel López,
to hide his illicit activities.
Why did he choose
such a run-of-the-mill name?
It's not a criminal alias. No!
It's not exactly a stage name.
It's a nom de guerre.
To wage war on the laws that protect
the country from financial crimes.
He used it to make--
To generate an income comparable
to the fortunes
of the hundreds of businessmen
he helped make millionaires.
So he created a mediocre illegal alias
to fulfill an entirely noble goal?
Well, it may be an illegal act according
to the laws of this ungrateful country,
but a blessed act
in the eyes of divine justice.
You see, our dad is a martial arts expert
and can hold his breath for ten minutes.
-Or more.
-More?
His pulse too.
So, on our mom's birthday,
when he had that episode,
the doctors went into his room,
checked his vitals, and declared him dead.
Could he do the same thing again?
No. Because now he actually wants to die.
Maybe the name came
from some distant relative.
Or perhaps, back in the '80s,
the captain general
killed a Daniel López, burned his body,
and threw him into the sea from a chopper.
-My dad could never kill anyone.
-Of course not.
His subordinates committed
those heinous acts of violence.
I'm talking about
your father's mysterious sense of humor.
It's possible the captain general
used the name of a missing detainee
to defraud, to make a cruel joke
that only Daniel López's
real killers would understand.
That's impossible.
My dad hasn't got a sense of humor.
-I love him.
-I know.
Do you believe in God and all that?
-Yes. In all that.
-I went to a traditional Catholic school.
When Franco died,
three of the nuns committed suicide.
Why does God allow the devil to live on?
He could've killed him by now, right?
A sublime mystery,
but we put our faith in the Lord.
We tell him that we are content
not knowing his reasons
because one day we'll reside
in the bristly bosom of his desires.
-Do you understand?
-Of course.
But what if the devil is inside me?
I like whiskey, men,
cars, and expensive sneakers.
Is that the devil?
That is definitely Satan calling.
And what does God have to offer?
Pure, true love.
My dream… is to one day
look upon the face of my eternal God.
For fuck's sake.
I bet God sends us to this world
to see if we're tempted by the devil.
And I was tempted.
I did things… Lust, that's my problem.
I'm nasty.
Nasty nasty.
Sorry.
No, don't be.
I agree with you.
In fact, I came
into this world to meet the devil.
To live with him.
To love him.
To be tempted.
So he would touch me.
So I could touch him.
So I could humiliate him.
So he could see me work.
You do know your sister
told me everything?
What did she tell you?
Your sister called me to come save
your father's heavy and seething soul.
His invaded soul.
That's exactly what
we've been praying for, for so long.
All generals who win wars
have the right to pillage
and make a fortune.
Of course.
And it is very sad to see
that their heirs, such as you,
cannot share in the honor of their glory.
The undefeated Chilean army
allowed your father
to use it to launder money?
If you think so, it could be true.
But look, years ago, I bought
a steel company from the army.
Pretty cheap. Really cheap.
Because it was bankrupt.
And a couple of years later,
I sold that company back to the army
for three million dollars.
That comes out to be…
How much? Like 1,000% profit.
I don't know the exact percentage.
I've never been good at math.
You saved the company?
No, it was still bankrupt.
I didn't do anything.
So, the Chilean army
bought a broke steel company
using your father's checks?
Yup.
Then you deposited those three checks,
for a total sum of three million dollars,
into secret bank accounts
in Washington, under false names.
Yup.
-Yup.
-But it was all under the radar.
When it came to light,
we weren't investigated.
We continued on with our lives as usual.
-Happy and free.
-Excuse me, sir.
You're free because your father threatened
a new coup if you were investigated.
Yes, but all Christian Democrats back then
were in agreement.
And it really worked.
Three million dollars in personal checks.
Three million.
It sounds like a lot,
but in the grand scheme of things,
it's really not.
Compare it to Fulgencio Batista
or Ferdinand Marcos.
Next to those guys,
our fortune's a pittance.
Now, they were corrupt. And murderers too.
Your simplemindedness is fascinating.
"My father stole less
than this other thief."
Only a villain can say that.
An empty husk
who doesn't believe in humanity.
Thank you.
Are there more documents
hidden in this house?
No.
How did they get here in the first place?
Do you recall?
They were brought in by helicopter.
Only I wasn't here.
And you hid them in the basement?
Perhaps.
Having to drink blood to survive.
-It must be a dreadful sacrifice.
-Dreadful.
Imagine the humiliation
of having to hide all that money
to sustain a never-ending life.
But where is the money?
I'm figuring it all out. But tell me.
-Are there accounts in Panama?
-Yes.
-Okay.
-Six of them.
Seven.
Can you wire money
from those accounts now?
No, I can't.
We bought antique books,
collector's items.
My dad was into that sort of thing.
-You know what I mean?
-No, I don't.
My dad accumulated a ton of junk.
Napoleon's hat.
A sword owned by O'Higgins.
And a dress that belonged
to some queen they had in France.
One last question.
That butler…
He drinks blood too.
He's a white Russian.
He killed thousands of Bolsheviks.
The ones in this country, of course.
Payback for the Russian Revolution
that sent his family into exile.
Here, he trained torturers.
My dad bit him on the leg
to thank him for his service
and give him eternal life.
But you do realize
that butler is a brutish fellow.
He's only got one testicle.
Just like Hitler.
And he can't eat normal food.
If he doesn't eat meat,
he eats human feces.
Or animal feces.
That's why he licks
the anuses of sheepdogs.
Haven't you seen him?
No.
Not yet.
You've been accused of killing
over 300 political prisoners.
-You must be proud.
-I am completely innocent.
You were sentenced to 865 years in prison.
I'm not sure how you can be here.
There's someone else
with your name and likeness
who is in prison, serving your sentence.
I only happen to be me.
The Chilean army
taught me torture as a principle.
I simply followed
the instructions I was given
when I was trained as a soldier
by teachers paid
by the Chilean State.
I know what you're feeling.
What?
When torturing, the promise of pain
is much more powerful than actual pain.
Because during that agonizing wait,
the imagination runs wild.
What are you going to do to me?
Stick something cold in you.
He won't bite me.
He went out hunting for hearts that night.
-It was me.
-No.
It was me who went out
hunting for hearts that night.
It was him.
He dressed as the captain general.
That was me. I wore his uniform. Me.
I did it to scare your children
into coming here.
-To do what?
-Kill him.
My general wants to die, but he cannot.
Why not?
Someone doesn't want him to die.
Who?
I don't know… who.
You want my children to kill the general
since you can't do it yourself.
I can't kill him. He bit me.
You want to keep his fortune
and steal his woman?
Who is his woman?
I am.
It's me.
Not anymore. It appears he's in love
with a young French accountant.
My general is fond of fine horses.
Excuse me.
I adjure you, Satan, prince of this world,
acknowledge the power
and might of Jesus Christ.
He who defeated you in the desert,
vanquished you in the garden,
robbed you on the cross.
And by rising from the tomb, bore off
your prize to the kingdom of light.
I order you, Satan, deceiver of mankind,
to leave this creature of God,
whom you have left an evil seal on.
Leave this man whom God
has anointed to be a holy temple.
FINAL REPORT
PINOCHET FAMILY
Me.
With these documents and this money,
the Church could extort the Chilean army,
the Chilean government,
and also the businessmen who nobly
donated their money, jewelry, and cash
to help Mom.
But Carmen is just a child.
A brat.
She has a perfect mind.
Beautiful and criminal.
She's better than I.
She came to steal.
That bitch.
-Bitch.
-I told her everything.
She's going to steal it. All of it.
That's not what he's saying.
-She's going to blackmail us.
-No, you idiot.
She'll steal from us. Humiliate us.
She'll blackmail the rest.
-Was that the only copy?
-We'll have to check her room.
And the money? Where is the money?
Did anyone check her suitcase?
-I don't get it.
-She's going to kill him.
-The nun.
-And they'll blame me.
She brought stakes and silver hammers.
-Plus holy water and some weird crap.
-What?
She brought stakes and silver hammers.
-Are you deaf?
-She won't kill me.
She won't.
I was tricked once.
I won't let it happen again.
-And Mom? Where is she?
-Off with Fyodor.
She won't kill me either.
I won't let that little brat kill me.
You have to kill her.
I can't. My general would kill me first.
You're more loyal to him than to me?
Let me bite you.
-No.
-Now. Let me bite you now.
I am the queen here.
Stop fooling around.
I am a foreigner to this century.
And to you, I am eternal life.
If you're going to bite me,
I want you to kill the general first.
Excuse me.
I want you to win a war for me--
What?
Let me… go!
Margaret?
I don't know. I haven't a clue.
I just met her. We're going on vacation.
It's nice to see you.
I thought you were dead.
But I see there are still
ancient people around, like me.
Because… she's my sweetheart.
No.
You goddamn old tramp.
I always knew you were after my husband.
You bit her?
You only just met this thief,
and you bit her?
Don't be a nag. You reek of Fyodor.
I can smell him
from all the way over here.
Traitor.
So Mom's never going to die either?
And now Carmencita.
We're screwed. We have nothing.
What?
If Dad doesn't die,
we'll never get anything.
And if they kill each other?
-Why would they do that?
-Over the money?
No. They love and hate each other.
They're a different species.
Why don't we kill them?
You're going to kill four vampires?
I'm not killing Mom.
Marie Antoinette.
She's yours now.
Horrendous old man.
Penniless old man.
Loveless old man!
What a pain in the ass.
You have no idea how to win a war.
It's true what they say.
Beauty and wits never go together.
Our Church must be resurrected,
just like our Lord Jesus Christ.
Amen, Monsignor.
Once you finish the report,
you will need to defeat Satan
and kill the vampire.
And if you find
any document signed to the bearer
that may be of use
to our Church, you take it.
Banks, account numbers, companies,
documents signed by important people,
ministers, businessmen,
whatever… let them talk.
All right.
Okay, shall we?
Dad?
Dad.
What a pain in the ass, man.
Shall we?
Dad?
ARK
THE END
Subtitle translation by Meredith Cannella.